modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-on-minikube.adoc, before:

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Installing {prod-short} on Minikube
:keywords: overview, installing-che-on-minikube
:navtitle: Installing {prod-short} on Minikube
:page-aliases: installation-guide:installing-che-on-minikube.adoc, overview:installing-che-on-minikube.adoc

[id="installing-{prod-id-short}-on-minikube_{context}"]
= Installing {prod-short} on Minikube

This article explains how to create a single-node {kubernetes} cluster with Minikube to deploy {prod-short}.

WARNING: Remember that single-node {kubernetes} clusters are suited only for testing or development. Do *NOT* use such clusters to run {prod-short} for organizations or developer teams.

.Prerequisites

* Minikube with {kubernetes} version `{kube-ver-min}` or higher. See link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/[Installing Minikube].

* `{orch-cli}`. See {orch-cli-link}.

* `{prod-cli}`. See xref:installing-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].

.Procedure

. Start Minikube. Allocate at least 8GB of RAM and 4 CPU cores:
+
----
$ minikube start --addons=ingress --vm=true --memory=8192 --cpus=4
----

. Create the {prod-short} instance:
+
[subs="+attributes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:deploy --platform minikube
----

.Verification steps

. Verify the {prod-short} instance status:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:status
----

. Navigate to the {prod-short} cluster instance:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} dashboard:open
----

Commit message:

fix: add an admonition to the minikube procedure

modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-on-minikube.adoc, after:

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Installing {prod-short} on Minikube
:keywords: overview, installing-che-on-minikube
:navtitle: Installing {prod-short} on Minikube
:page-aliases: installation-guide:installing-che-on-minikube.adoc, overview:installing-che-on-minikube.adoc

[id="installing-{prod-id-short}-on-minikube_{context}"]
= Installing {prod-short} on Minikube

This article explains how to create a single-node {kubernetes} cluster with Minikube to deploy {prod-short}.

WARNING: Remember that single-node {kubernetes} clusters are suited only for testing or development. Do *NOT* use such clusters to run {prod-short} for organizations or developer teams.

IMPORTANT: The operator namespace for {prod-short} when installed on Minikube is `eclipse-che`, not `{operator-namespace}`!

.Prerequisites

* Minikube with {kubernetes} version `{kube-ver-min}` or higher. See link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/[Installing Minikube].

* `{orch-cli}`. See {orch-cli-link}.

* `{prod-cli}`. See xref:installing-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].

.Procedure

. Start Minikube. Allocate at least 8GB of RAM and 4 CPU cores:
+
----
$ minikube start --addons=ingress --vm=true --memory=8192 --cpus=4
----

. Create the {prod-short} instance:
+
[subs="+attributes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:deploy --platform minikube
----

.Verification steps

. Verify the {prod-short} instance status:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:status
----

. Navigate to the {prod-short} cluster instance:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} dashboard:open
----
