modules/administration-guide/pages/limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep.adoc, before:

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:keywords: administration guide, number, workspaces
:navtitle: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:page-aliases: configuring-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-create.adoc

[id="limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep_{context}"]
= Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep 

By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces in the dashboard, but you can limit this number to reduce demand on the cluster.

This configuration is part of the `CheCluster` Custom Resource:

[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
spec:
  components:
    cheServer:
      extraProperties:
        CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT: "__<kept_workspaces_limit>__" <1>
----
<1> Sets the maximum number of workspaces per user. The default value, `-1`, allows users to keep an unlimited number of workspaces. Use a positive integer to set the maximum number of workspaces per user.

.Procedure

. Get the name of the {prod-short} namespace:
+
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ {orch-cli} get checluster --all-namespaces \
  -o=jsonpath="{.items[*].metadata.namespace}"
----
+
include::example$snip_{project-context}-default-namespace.adoc[]

. Configure the `CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT`:
+
include::example$snip_{project-context}-limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep.adoc[]

.Additional resources

* xref:using-the-cli-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource.adoc[]

Commit message:

fix: update a procedure and remove the orphaned snip files

modules/administration-guide/pages/limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep.adoc, after:

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:keywords: administration guide, number, workspaces
:navtitle: Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep
:page-aliases: configuring-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-create.adoc

[id="limiting-the-number-of-workspaces-that-a-user-can-keep_{context}"]
= Limiting the number of workspaces that a user can keep 

By default, users can keep an unlimited number of workspaces in the dashboard, but you can limit this number to reduce demand on the cluster.

This configuration is part of the `CheCluster` Custom Resource:

[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
spec:
  components:
    cheServer:
      extraProperties:
        CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT: "__<kept_workspaces_limit>__" # <1>
----
<1> Sets the maximum number of workspaces per user. The default value, `-1`, allows users to keep an unlimited number of workspaces. Use a positive integer to set the maximum number of workspaces per user.

.Procedure

. Get the namespace for the next step:
+
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ {orch-cli} get checluster --all-namespaces \
  -o=jsonpath="{.items[*].metadata.namespace}"
----

. Configure the `CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT`:
+
[source,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
$ {orch-cli} patch checluster/{prod-checluster} -n _<namespace>_ \ # <1>
--type='merge' -p \
'{"spec":{"components":{"cheServer":{"extraProperties":{"CHE_LIMITS_USER_WORKSPACES_COUNT": "__<kept_workspaces_limit>__"}}}}}' # <2>
----
<1> The namespace that you got in step 1.
<2> Your choice of the `__<kept_workspaces_limit>__` value.


.Additional resources

* xref:using-the-cli-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource.adoc[]
